Hey baby...
Jump over here
When you do the ooby dooby...
I gotta be there
Ooby Dooby,
Ooby Dooby
Ooby Dooby, ooby dooby
Ooby doo wah, doo wah,
Doo wah, doo wah.
Well, you wiggle to the left
You wiggle to the right
Do the ooby dooby with all your might!
Ooby Dooby,
Ooby Dooby
Ooby Dooby, ooby dooby
Ooby doo wah, doo wah,
Doo wah, doo wah.
Well, you wiggle an' you shake
Like a big rattlesnake
Do the ooby dooby till you think you're gonna break.
Ooby Dooby,
Ooby Dooby
Ooby Dooby, ooby dooby
Ooby doo wah, doo wah,
Doo wah, doo wah.
I'm movin' and struttin' 'cause now I know
How to do the ooby dooby, baby, let's go!
Ooby Dooby,
Ooby Dooby
Ooby Dooby, ooby dooby
Ooby doo wah, doo wah,
Doo wah, doo wah...